Adil Creative Services, LLC DBA Nevada IT Solutions CONSULTING 
AGREEMENT 
This Consulting Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of July 07, 2016, by and 
between Nevada IT Solutions, a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), and 
(“Consultant”).

1. Consulting Relationship. During the term of this Agreement, Consultant will 
provide consulting services to the Company as described on Exhibit A hereto (the 
“Services”). Consultant represents that Consultant is duly licensed (as applicable) 
and has the qualifications, the experience and the ability to properly perform the 
Services. Consultant shall use Consultant’s best efforts to perform the Services 
such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. Consultant shall devote at 
least 5 hours per week to performance of the Services.

2. Fees. As consideration for the Services to be provided by Consultant and other 
obligations, the Company shall pay to Consultant the amounts specified in Exhibit 
B hereto at the times specified therein. Consultant will be paid when the client’s 
company pays the company accordantly. The company is not liable to pay 
consultant if the company’s client does not pay.

3. Expenses. Consultant shall not be authorized to incur on behalf of the Company 
any expenses and will be responsible for all expenses incurred while performing 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Company’s CEO Adil Harchaoui, which consent 
shall be evidenced in writing for any expenses .As a condition to receipt of 
reimbursement, Consultant shall be required to submit to the Company reasonable 
evidence that the amount involved was both reasonable and necessary to the 
Services provided under this Agreement.

4. Term and Termination. Notwithstanding the above, either party may terminate 
this Agreement at any time upon 5 business days’ written notice. In the event of 
such termination, Consultant shall be paid for any portion of the Services that have 
been performed prior to the termination. 
Should either party default in the performance of this Agreement or materially 
breach any of its obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited 
to Consultant’s obligations under the Confidential Information and Invention 
Assignment Agreement between the Company and Consultant referenced below, 
the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement immediately if the 
breaching party fails to cure the breach within 14 business days after having 
received written notice by the non-breaching party of the breach or default.

5. Independent Contractor. Consultant’s relationship with the Company will be 
that of an independent contractor and not that of an employee.
6. Method of Provision of Services. Consultant shall be solely responsible for 
determining the method, details and means of performing the Services. Consultant 
may, at Consultant’s own expense, employ or engage the services of such 
employees, subcontractors, partners or agents, as Consultant deems necessary 
to perform the Services (collectively, the “Assistants”). The Assistants are not 
and shall not be employees of the Company, and Consultant shall be wholly 
responsible for the professional performance of the Services by the Assistants 
such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. Consultant shall expressly 
advise the Assistants of the terms of this Agreement, and shall require each 
Assistant to execute and deliver to the Company a Confidential Information 
and Invention Assignment Agreement substantially in the form attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit D hereto (the “Confidentiality Agreement”). 
a. No Authority to Bind Company. Consultant acknowledges and agrees 
that Consultant and its Assistants have no authority to enter into contracts 
that bind the Company or create obligations on the part of the Company 
without the prior written authorization of the Company. 
b. No Benefits. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant and its 
Assistants shall not be eligible for any Company employee benefits and, 
to the extent Consultant otherwise would be eligible for any Company 
employee benefits but for the express terms of this Agreement, Consultant 
(on behalf of itself and its employees) hereby expressly declines to 
participate in such Company employee benefits. 
c. Withholding; Indemnification. Consultant shall have full responsibility 
for applicable withholding taxes for all compensation paid to Consultant 
or its Assistants under this Agreement, and for compliance with all 
applicable labor and employment requirements with respect to 
Consultant’s self-employment, sole proprietorship or other form of 
business organization, and with respect to the Assistants, including state 
worker’s compensation insurance coverage requirements and any U.S. 
immigration visa requirements. Consultant agrees to indemnify, defend 
and hold the Company harmless from any liability for, or assessment 
of, any claims or penalties with respect to such withholding taxes, labor 
or employment requirements, including any liability for, or assessment 
of, withholding taxes imposed on the Company by the relevant taxing 
authorities with respect to any compensation paid to Consultant or its 
Assistants.

7. Supervision of Consultant’s Services. All of the services to be performed by 
Consultant, including but not limited to the Services, will be as agreed between 
Consultant and the Company’s CEO Adil Harchaoui Consultant will be required 
to report to the CEO concerning the Services performed under this Agreement. 
The nature and frequency of these reports will be left to the discretion of the CEO.
8. Consulting or Other Services for Competitors. Consultant represents and 
warrants that Consultant does not presently perform or intend to perform, during 
the term of the Agreement, consulting or other services for, or engage in or 
intend to engage in an employment relationship with, companies who businesses 
or proposed businesses in any way involve products or services which would 
be competitive with the Company’s products or services, or those products or 
services proposed or in development by the Company during the term of the 
Agreement. If, however, Consultant decides to do so, Consultant agrees that, in 
advance of accepting such work, Consultant will promptly notify the Company in 
writing, specifying the organization with which Consultant proposes to consult, 
provide services, or become employed by and to provide information sufficient 
to allow the Company to determine if such work would conflict with the terms 
of this Agreement, including the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, the 
interests of the Company or further services which the Company might request 
of Consultant. If the Company determines that such work conflicts with the terms 
of this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement 
immediately. In no event shall any of the Services be performed for the Company 
at the facilities of a third party or using the resources of a third party. 
9. Confidentiality Agreement. Consultant shall sign, or has signed, a 
Confidentiality Agreement, on or before the date Consultant begins providing the 
Services.

10. Conflicts with this Agreement. Consultant represents and warrants that neither 
Consultant nor any of the Assistants is under any pre-existing obligation in 
conflict or in any way inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. 
Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant’s performance of all the terms 
of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary 
information acquired by Consultant in confidence or in trust prior to 
commencement of this Agreement. Consultant warrants that Consultant has the 
right to disclose and/or or use all ideas, processes, techniques and other 
information, if any, which Consultant has gained from third parties, and which 
Consultant discloses to the Company or uses in the course of performance of this 
Agreement, without liability to such third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Consultant agrees that Consultant shall not bundle with or incorporate into any 
deliveries provided to the Company herewith any third party products, ideas, 
processes, or other techniques, without the express, written prior approval of the 
Company. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has not granted and 
will not grant any rights or licenses to any intellectual property or technology that 
would conflict with Consultant’s obligations under this Agreement. Consultant 
will not knowingly infringe upon any copyright, patent, trade secret or other 
property right of any former client, employer or third party in the performance of 
the Services. 
11. Miscellaneous.
a. Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be 
amended or waived only with the written consent of the Company. 
b. Sole Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, 
constitutes the sole agreement of the parties and supersedes all oral 
negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
c. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered 
personally or by overnight courier or sent by email or fax (upon 
customary confirmation of receipt), or forty-eight (48) hours after being 
deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage 
prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address or 
fax number as set forth on the signature page or as subsequently modified 
by written notice. 
d. Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and 
performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State 
of Nevada, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
e. Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to 
be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate 
such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach 
a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, 
then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the 
balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were 
so excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms. 
f. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will 
constitute one and the same instrument. 
g. Advice of Counsel. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN 
EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY HAS HAD THE 
OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT 
LEGAL COUNSEL, AND HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL 
OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS 
AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY 
PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION 
HEREOF. 
The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
[Signature Page Follows]
July 07, 2016
Contractor Name
Contractor Signature 

[SIGNATURE] 

Accepted and Agreed to: 
EXHIBIT A 
DESCRIPTION OF CONSULTING SERVICES : 
External & Internal: 
Description of Services Schedule/Deadline 
New policies will be introduced from time to time; it’s the consultant responsibility to 
learn about them. Company will notify the consultant in writing when changes has been 
made.
EXHIBIT B 
COMPENSATION
EXHIBIT C 
Client worked on: 
Nevada IT Solutions Clients
EXHIBIT D 
Confidential Agreement see attached
